salve salve personal who talks boy
beauty out there
so I'll also make a current video, right?
It's about the Indian beat to help, huh?
I updated it and downloaded it again.
it is current there has been a merger between
below that of the bronx which is one of the
England's leading bookmakers
It was good to have this market so that
the aabb here can have a better
competition with betfair and with
this entity is launching some
promotions né that is the percentage 0 né
for a while then she goes
having a maximum of 5% commission does not
This is not going to happen until the
betfair that depends on the amount you
reach a certain time you go
pay 35% and then you pay one
nonsense 60% to 35% is incidentally
And absurd obesity is also with
promotion of 200 euros I think she already
doubles this value for you to work on
Marketplace
Ok, that's it, I'll show it to you
Software has not changed at all, right?
only the platform some rules to which it was
imposed by the truth is not to be
used here with beige and sound rule
since it is what is imposed in the uti
'for which it is impossible for the front and faith
But you just have to control it, right?
staff a lot and not abuse
that the small is what the staff who
has less banking and is not affected is okay
even a balance in that much part
good here is good software like
debate josé roberto ferro and explain né
the configuration is that same not
Nothing changes, just watch the video there.
here you will have what we spend
mouse did not want that part anymore
which is blocked right?
So you choose the game, right?
I had chosen I will give a
Relax here, huh?
Only today is champions league day.
then uefa champions league
the bayern of munich who thinks it 's ok
school here mercanet ods put it
right
we are here with the market a few hours
is to start with improved liquidity
very ne and, for example, reminds me that I
had said that another time to
We had to go on this shortcut.
we put it was put in
five markets, right?
How is this here? Is it complete?
chose this market to work 20
hours
you can put it here in the guardian
Too much guardian said blue whale here.
vertinho this icon and click here
you will choose you will you can
work in the market met office is not your
pretension
Your custom is accustomed to
working in the market there was an e-mail
add here in the guardian
You also have the habit of working in the
market 3 kind of what I'm doing
to save time at the end of the game
huh
in what is eating right?
We use the e-mail market so far.
I think this game will not come
both right but let's get ready to right
people in football we expect everything is
who else will market the correct score and
he is accustomed, right?
here already school leaves it ready then
145 markets have already chosen one
the shower that to the throne beth very well
then I did not negotiate I added the
butter player to get you the law
with the markets you already have here in
guardian I do not know how to click on this part
now only g and the markets that you
chose the game is here
the met office the daily mail the number one and
mail with 263 means to the corre-runs 123456
market then worked previously there
You can put others in there.
so that's what speeds up a lot in the
game time
double click double click you will
be here you want and ready
She's going to talk a little about the
of the entity which is a good
news
and the next videos coming will be
about proxy riton stream stream is
how to have the best possible cast for
watch games and make the trailer ok
So until the next big hug.